# Simon's Game
A simple Simon game implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.


* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Features](#features)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview
Simon's Game is a memory-based game where players must repeat a sequence of colors and sounds generated by the game. The sequence gets progressively longer with each round, challenging the player's memory and attention.

## Installation
To run the game locally, follow these steps:

### Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sheikhwasimuddin/Simon-s-Game.git
```

### Navigate to the Project Directory
```bash
cd Simon-s-Game
```

### Open the Game in Your Preferred Web Browser
Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser.

## Usage
1. Click the "Start" button to begin the game.
2. Watch and listen to the sequence of colors and sounds.
3. Repeat the sequence by clicking on the colored buttons in the correct order.
4. The sequence will get longer with each round. Try to keep up and beat your high score!

## Features
* Responsive design: Works on both desktop and mobile devices.
* Intuitive user interface with vibrant colors and sounds.
* Real-time feedback: Visual and auditory indicators for correct and incorrect inputs.
* Score tracking: See how many rounds you can successfully complete.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for improvements or new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

